/*
Title: Terms of service - Advertisers
*/

**UNITY ADS**

**STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS**



**UPDATED: April 29, 2015**



These Unity Ads Standard Terms and Conditions (***“Standard Terms”***)
are part of the Insertion Order ***(“IO”)*** between Unity Technologies
Finland Oy (***“Unity Ads”***) and the customer (***“Advertiser”***),
and shall govern Advertiser use of the Service (defined below). In the
event of any conflict or inconsistency between the IO and these Standard
Terms, the IO shall control. The IO and Standard Terms are collectively
referred to hereunder as the ***“Agreement***.***”***

The parties agree as follows:

1.  **Definitions.**

2.  “***Advertisement(s)”*** ***or “Ads”*** means any multimedia
    information (including but not limited to video, audio, sound, data,
    graphics, pictures, photographs, or artwork), links, buttons,
    banners, promotions, or other user-perceptible text provided to
    Unity Ads as more particularly specified in the IO.

3.  “***Install”*** means each time an end user views and then installs
    the application within the Look Back Window (defined below), or
    clicks through an Advertisement on the Unity Ads network ~~~~ and
    agrees to engage in steps required to become a user of Advertiser’s
    application or game.

    1.  “***Intellectual Property Rights”*** means any patent,
        copyright, trademark, trade secret, trade dress, mask work,
        moral right, right of attribution or integrity, or other
        intellectual or industrial property rights.

    2.  “***Service”*** means Unity Ads’ proprietary advertising
        platform that enables publishers to run and insert
        Advertisements in a publisher’s game and other inventory made
        available by publishers to Unity Ads.

**2. Advertising Services.**

1.  **Acceptance.** From time to time, Advertiser may submit to Unity
    Ads for acceptance one or more IOs for Advertisements. Upon
    acceptance of such IO by Unity Ads, Advertiser will provide Unity
    Ads with the Advertisements and all applicable (technical or
    creative) assets to be inserted, displayed, and distributed
    throughout the Service pursuant to the details of the IO. Rates can
    be modified by Advertiser through Unity Ads’ admin panel located on
    the Unity Ads site. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Unity Ads
    reserves the right to reject or cancel any Advertisement, IO, or
    placement commitment prior to the start date for any Advertisement
    campaign.

**2.2** **Performance.** Unity Ads will drive Installs to Advertiser’s
applications, or display Advertiser’s Ads throughout the Unity Ads
network, or as otherwise described in the applicable IO.

**2.3** **Placement; Delivery.**

1.  Except as set forth in the IO, Unity Ads may modify (for formatting
    purposes) and position the Advertisements in its sole discretion.
    Unity Ads must receive advertisements by end of business day on the
    Advertisement delivery date. If an Advertisement is not received by
    the Advertisement delivery date, Unity Ads may, in its sole
    discretion: (a) cancel the IO; or (b) use prior Advertisements until
    the new Advertisements are delivered.

2.  If problems arise with the performance of a campaign, either party
    may request the campaign to be temporarily suspended to allow the
    parties to resolve and repair any possible issues. The campaign will
    resume after the problems or issues have been resolved.

3.  **Look-Back Window**.

<!-- -->

1.  Unity Ads reserves the right to exercise a “look back” and
    attribution window during the applicable reporting period,
    commencing upon the time the targeted user has viewed or clicked
    onto an Ad via the Service (***“Look-Back Window”***). During the
    Look Back Window period, an Install from a user will be counted as
    an Install for Unity Ads, and Advertiser will compensate Unity Ads
    for such Installs.

2.  Additionally, the Advertiser will also be liable for the following
    Installs:

<!-- -->

1.  100% of all reported Installs that result from Advertiser suspending
    or terminating (or Advertiser’s request to suspend or terminate) the
    campaign at any time for any reason prior to completion of the
    campaign; and

2.  5% of all reported Installs subsequent to the completion of the
    campaign, or resulting from an over spend of the campaign’s budget.
    Advertiser will not be responsible for all other Installs. Unity Ads
    uses commercially reasonable efforts to limit and match the campaign
    budgets as close to the targeted as possible.

3\. **Cancellation/Termination.** Either party may cancel an
Advertisement campaign or terminate this IO with forty-eight (48) hour
prior written notice, provided that, Advertiser shall pay all amounts
accrued to the effective date of the cancellation notice.

1.  **Content Standards.**

4.1 Unity Ads has and shall retain exclusive editorial control over the
Service. Advertisements may not contain or link to any content or other
material that may violate or infringe upon the Intellectual Property
Rights of any third party, violate any applicable law, rule, or
regulation, or contain any content that is abusive, profane, offensive,
false or misleading, defamatory or harassing, excessively violent,
obscene, pornographic, sexually explicit, or controversial (the
***“Content Standards”***). Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, Unity Ads may immediately remove from the Service or refuse to
display any Advertisement that Unity Ads determines in its sole
discretion violates these Content Standards, without liability of any
kind to Advertiser.

4.2 Advertiser shall not use or distribute in any manner any
Advertisement that is subject to any collective bargaining agreement, or
performing rights organizations fees or royalties (*e.g., BMI, SAG,
IFCI, CISAC, ASCAP*). Any third party claim, collection, action or suit
brought against Unity Ads in connection with the use of the
Advertisement will be subject to Advertiser’s indemnification obligation
to Unity Ads hereunder.

4.3 If any part of the campaign, creative assets or videos are created
(or paid for) by Unity Ads, then those creative assets or videos will
only be used within the Service and in relation to the campaign. Any
other uses will be subject to prior written consent from Unity Ads.

5\. **Data.** Unity Ads shall retain and own any and all data and
information collected from the Advertiser and its users in connection
with the use of the Service (***“Data”***). Unity Ads’ collection and
use of such data shall be subject to Unity Ads current privacy policy
and any applicable laws.

6\. **License & Ownership.**

6.1 Advertiser hereby grants to Unity Ads a non-exclusive, worldwide
license to use the Advertisement(s) supplied by Advertiser as is
reasonably necessary to store, host, reproduce, modify and edit (for
formatting purposes), deliver, and display the Advertisements in
connection with the Service. Except for the license granted to Unity Ads
under this Section, Advertiser reserves all of its right, title, and
interest in its Intellectual Property Rights.

6.2 Unity Ads owns and retains all right, title and ownership interest
and all Intellectual Property Rights in and to the Service, Data and
associated documentation, and its confidential information, and any
copies, derivatives works, upgrades, updates, improvements and
modifications thereof regardless of the form or media in which such
versions may exist. Advertiser shall have no right to create or
distribute, in any manner, any derivative work, upgrade, improvement or
modification of the Service. Unity Ads reserves all rights not expressly
granted in the Agreement.

**7. Payment.**

**7.1** **Reporting and Invoicing.** Campaign completion and invoices
are based on the Unity Ads’ reporting service. Unless otherwise stated
on the IO, Advertiser shall pay to Unity Ads the fees specified in the
IO, and Unity Ads will deliver an invoice within thirty (30) days after
campaign is completed.

**7.2** **Payment Terms & Reporting.** Unless otherwise agreed to in the
IO, Advertiser shall make all payments via wire transfer within fifteen
(15) days of receipt of the Unity Ads invoice date pursuant to the
banking instructions on the Unity invoice. Except as provided for
herein, each party will be responsible for all costs and expenses
incurred by it in connection with the performance and services of this
IO. All payments will be in U.S. currency and do not include taxes,
duties, fees, and other amounts assessed or imposed by any government
entity. Any amount not paid when due will be subject to a late payment
charges & interest equal to 8% or set by Finnish legislation (act
340/2002).

**7.3** **Advertiser’s Tracking.** In case the Advertiser provides its
own install tracking or via a third party service, the Advertiser is
responsible for the continued operation and 100% uptime of the install
tracking. If the Advertiser provided install tracking service is not
operational, and the Advertiser does not request Unity Ads to suspend
Advertisers’ campaigns in writing and if Unity Ads is sending Installs
to the Advertiser, then during this non-operation period, Unity Ads will
estimate the Installs and the associated cost for this period based on
average Install volume on a similar period when the install tracking was
operational and will charge the Advertiser based on this estimate.

4.  **Representations and Warranties.** Advertiser, for itself and its
    agents, represents and warrants to Unity Ads that: (a) it has the
    right and power to publish and display the Advertisements and to
    grant the rights to Unity Ads granted herein; (b) its performance
    under this IO will not violate any agreement or obligation between
    it and a third party or any applicable law, ordinance, or
    regulation; (c) the Advertiser site, application(s) and the
    Advertisements do not currently and will not in the future infringe
    upon or violate any Intellectual Property Right or other right of
    any third party, or violate Unity Ads’ Content Standards; and (d)
    any collection and use of Data from end users by Advertiser, and the
    operation of Advertiser’s application and site, is in material
    compliance with Advertiser’s policies (including, without
    limitation, any privacy policies and site terms and conditions) and
    applicable laws.

5.  **Indemnification.** Advertiser shall defend, indemnify, and hold
    harmless Unity Ads and its affiliates (and their respective
    employees, directors, and representatives) against any third party
    claim, suit, or action and any resulting damages, judgments, costs,
    and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees), to the extent
    arising from or relating to: (a) any breach of its representations
    and/or warranties set forth in this IO and Standard Terms; (b) the
    operation of Advertiser’s application(s) and site(s); or (c) any
    alleged or actual infringement, violation, or misappropriation of
    any Intellectual Property Rights or other right, by Advertiser, its
    agents, or representatives related to any Advertisement,
    application, site or other content provided by Advertiser.
    Advertiser will timely notify Unity Ads in writing of any such
    claim, suit, or action and permit Unity Ads to assume control over
    defense and/or settlement. Advertiser will not acquiesce to any
    judgment or enter into any settlement without the prior written
    consent of Unity Ads.

6.  **Term, Termination, and Survival.** This IO shall remain in full
    force and effect until: (a) the stop date specified on the
    applicable IO; or (b) either party terminates under Section 3. The
    following provisions shall survive any termination of this
    Agreement: Sections 5, 8, 9, 10, and 12-14.

11\. **Confidentiality.** Unity Ads will never share confidential data or
information obtained from the Advertiser unless authorized with prior
written consent.

7.  **Disclaimers.** Unity Ads will not be liable for any delays in
    delivery and/or nondelivery of Advertisements due to an act of God,
    natural disaster, action by any government entity, strike,
    difficulties due to network components or connections outside Unity
    Ads’ control, electronic malfunction of hardware or communication
    systems outside Unity Ads’ control, or any other condition beyond
    Unity Ads’ control affecting production or delivery in any manner.
    Advertiser is solely responsible for the accuracy and content of all
    Advertisements. Unity Ads will not be liable for any errors in
    content or omissions, other than errors caused by Unity Ads’ gross
    negligence or willful misconduct. Unity Ads makes no guarantees,
    representations, or warranties, express or implied: (a) as to the
    level of end user response, click-throughs, sales or purchases, or
    other economic benefit resulting from the advertising services under
    this IO; (b) that such services will meet any or all of Advertiser’s
    requirements; or (c) that Unity Ads’ performance of such services
    will be uninterrupted or error-free. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED IN
    THIS AGREEMENT, UNITY ADS HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
    WARRANTIES REGARDING THE SERVICES PROVIDED HEREUNDER, OR ANY PORTION
    THEREOF, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
    MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

13\. **Limitation of Liability.** EXCEPT FOR ADVERTISER’S INDEMNIFICATION
OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 9 OR FOR A PARTY’S WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, NEITHER
PARTY WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION,
LOST PROFITS OR LOST DATA) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT,
EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES
IN ADVANCE. UNITY ADS’ ENTIRE LIABILITY ARISING FROM THIS AGREEMENT,
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, WILL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNTS
PAID TO UNITY ADS HEREUNDER.

14\. **Miscellaneous.** Advertiser may not assign this IO or any rights
hereunder without Unity Ads’ prior written consent. The failure of any
party to require performance of any provision hereof shall not affect
its right at a later time to enforce the same unless the same is waived
in a signed writing. The parties are independent contractors under this
IO and not partners or joint ventures. This Agreement is governed by the
laws of Finland without regard to its choice-of-law principles to the
contrary. Advertiser consents to the jurisdiction of the district courts
in Helsinki, Finland, and agrees not to bring any action or proceeding
under or relating to this Agreement except in such courts. If any
provision of this IO or Standard Terms are deemed unenforceable, then
such provision will be modified and enforced to the extent permitted to
effectuate the purposes of this IO, and the remaining provisions of this
this IO or Standard Terms will remain in effect. Headings herein will
not affect the meaning or construction hereof. The party prevailing in
any action or proceeding between the parties under this Agreement will
be entitled to an award of its reasonable costs incurred in such action
or proceeding (including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees). This
Agreement may be executed in counterparts and by facsimile. This
Agreement may not be amended except by a writing signed by both parties.

\
\

\
\

**\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\***

