/*
Title: Terms of service - Ads publishers
*/

# UNITY ADS - PUBLISHER TERMS of SERVICE


**Last Revised: 25th of August, 2015**

IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ THESE UNITY ADS PUBLISHER TERMS OF SERVICE (THESE
***"TERMS"***) CAREFULLY. BY CLICKING ON THE "I AGREE" BUTTON, (1) YOU
ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY
THESE TERMS, AND (2) YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO ENTER
INTO THESE TERMS, PERSONALLY OR ON BEHALF OF THE COMPANY YOU HAVE NAMED
AS THE PUBLISHER, AND TO BIND THE PUBLISHER TO THE TERMS OF THESE TERMS.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THESE TERMS, OR
IF YOU DO NOT HAVE SUCH AUTHORITY, YOU SHOULD CLICK ON THE "CANCEL"
BUTTON TO DISCONTINUE THE USE OF THE SERVICE AND SOFTWARE.

These Terms has been entered into on today by and between:

a\) Unity Technologies Finland Oy, formerly known as Applifier Oy, with
offices at the address Kaisaniemenkatu 2 B, FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland
(***"Unity Ads"***) and

b\) You, as the publisher company (***"Publisher”***) that accepted These
Terms.

Unity Ads and the Publisher may be hereinafter referred to either alone
as a ***"Party"*** and both together as the ***"Parties"***.

<span style="background: #ffffff">These Terms sets forth the legally
binding agreement for the Publisher's use of the Unity Ads’ website's
administration section, Unity Ads SDK, and Unity Ads service owned and
operated by Unity Ads (collectively, the </span>***<span
style="background: #ffffff">"Service"</span>***<span
style="background: #ffffff">) in connection with Publisher’s
applications that incorporate the Service (the </span>***<span
style="background: #ffffff">“Applications”</span>***<span
style="background: #ffffff">). The Service includes Unity Ads serving
advertisements in the Applications to end users of the Application
(</span>***<span style="background: #ffffff">“End Users”</span>***<span
style="background: #ffffff">).</span>


These Terms governs the Publisher's use of all aspects of the Service.
In case of any conflicts between these Terms and other terms, the
stipulations of these Terms shall prevail unless otherwise expressly
provided.

**1. UNITY ADS SERVICE**

1.1 *Access.* Unity Ads provides Publisher with access to the Service
subject to the terms and conditions of these Terms. Continued access is
subject to the ongoing approval by Unity Ads. Unity Ads reserves the
right to terminate these Terms and to refuse access and any service
associated therewith to the Publisher at any time and for any reason, or
for no reason, in its sole discretion. Unity Ads reserves the right, in
its sole discretion and without liability, to reject, omit or exclude
the Publisher, or any Application, for any reason, or for no reason,
from the Service or any other service associated therewith, regardless
of whether the Publisher or the Application was previously accepted.

1.2 *Publisher License Grant.* By using the Service in connection with
Applications, the Publisher hereby grants Unity Ads and its partners a
limited, world-wide, non-exclusive right to (i) sell and have sold
advertisement inventory on the Publisher's Application during the term
of these Terms, including but not limited to the right to list such
inventory in pitch materials to prospective advertisers and to report
such inventory as being part of Unity Ads' ad network to outside
reporting agencies, (ii) serve, distribute, publish and insert
advertisements onto the Publisher's Application and (iii) access or call
to the Applications, or the servers that make them available, as is
necessary to cause the transmission, reproduction, display,
troubleshooting and error correction of advertisements as contemplated
herein. Unity Ads has final authority on, decisions related to such
advertisement inventory, including selection, packaging, pricing,
placement, promotional offers, and all other related deal terms. Unity
Ads reserves the right at all times, at its discretion, and without
notice, to remove or refuse to distribute any advertisements through the
Service.

1.3 *Integration.* The Publisher acknowledges that certain aspects of
access require integration of the Service to the Publisher's
Application. Publisher agrees to comply with any and all technical
specifications provided or posted by Unity Ads or displayed on the
Service (including as necessary, incorporating any Unity Ads SDK into
Publisher’s Application. The Publisher and Unity Ads will work together
in good faith to incorporate such appropriate integration as determined
by Unity Ads, and to address any other technical issues relating to the
integration of the Service into the Publisher's Application. The
Publisher and Unity Ads shall each bear their own costs related to such
integration. Unity Ads reserves the right to audit the integration
performed by the publisher. In the case of improper integration, as
determined by Unity Ads in its sole discretion, Unity Ads may prohibit
the publisher from using the Service until such time that the
integration is deemed complete by Unity Ads.

1.4 *Admin Panel.* The Unity Ads admin panel (currently located on the
Unity Ads website) provides the Publisher full control to enable and
disable the Service and its aspects per the Publisher's Application and
additional information about the statistics and integration of the
Service. This information is provided solely for the Publisher's
convenience and does not affect or reduce the Publisher's obligations
and restrictions to implement the integration as set forth in these
Terms.

1.5 *Market Conditions.* The Publisher acknowledges and agrees that Unity
Ads does not make any guarantees regarding the ability of Service to
deliver any ads to the Publisher's Application, as the delivery of ads
is dependent on a variety of conditions, such as market conditions and
on the acceptability of the ads and their content.

1.6 *Availability of Services.* The Publisher understands and agrees that
from time to time the Service may be inaccessible, unavailable or
inoperable for any reason, including, without limitation: (i) equipment
malfunctions; (ii) periodic maintenance procedures or repairs which
Unity Ads may undertake from time to time; or (iii) other causes beyond
the control of Unity Ads, including, without limitation, interruption or
failure of telecommunication or digital transmission links, hostile
network attacks, the unavailability, operation, or inaccessibility of
websites or interfaces, network congestion or other failures. While
Unity Ads will attempt to provide the Service on a continuous basis, the
Publisher acknowledges and agrees that Unity Ads has no control over the
availability of the services on a continuous or uninterrupted basis and
that **THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS,” “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS.**
The Publisher also understands and agrees that Unity Ads is not
responsible for the functionality of any third-party application,
website, or interface. Failure to deliver ads because of technical
difficulties does not represent a failure to meet any obligations of
these Terms. The Publisher shall follow any further guidelines as they
may be posted on the Unity Ads web site that govern how the Service may
be used.

1.7 *Electronic Approval of Terms.* To use the Service the Publisher
agrees that: (a) the Publisher will communicate with Unity Ads
electronically to enter into these Terms by submitting Unity Ads
relevant information as requested by Unity Ads from time to time. The
Publisher may start using the Service only after Unity Ads has given the
electronic approval for the Publisher; (b) the Publisher will maintain
the accuracy of the Publisher related information at Unity Ads; and (c)
the Publisher will notify Unity Ads immediately of any unauthorized use
of the Publisher's user rights relating to the Service or any other
breach of security. Any notices to be given under these Terms may be
given by Unity Ads to the Publisher to the email or other addresses in
the Publisher's account information.

1.8 *Suspension & Modification.* The Service and the specific features and
functionality thereof are subject to modification, suspension or
termination at any time without notice. Unity Ads will endeavor to
notify the Publisher in advance about such changes, but delivery of such
notices is not guaranteed. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, Unity Ads may suspend the Publisher's use of the Service at
any time, including in the event that the Publisher is in breach of any
of the terms and conditions of these Terms.

1.9 *Representations.* By accessing or using the Service in any manner the
Publisher represents and warrants that:

i\) the Publisher has (a) the legal capacity in the jurisdiction where
the ads are published and (b) the right and authority to enter into
these Terms;

ii\) Publisher will (a) post clear and conspicuous privacy notices in the
Applications as described in Section 6.2 below; (b) comply with all
privacy laws and regulations and all self-regulatory guidelines
applicable to the use of the Service in Publisher Applications,
including but not limited to the Federal Trade Commission Act,
applicable Federal Trade Commission regulations and the Children’s
Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”); and (c) notify Unity Ads
whether any Application that incorporates the Service is “directed to
children” as defined by COPPA, in accordance with Section 3.2 below.
Publisher agrees to take full responsibility, and to indemnify Unity Ads
in accordance with Section 11.3 below), for any COPPA violations that
may occur due to any failure of Publisher to properly notify Unity Ads
if an Application is directed to children.

1.10 *Publisher Obligations.*

i\) the Publisher will be solely responsible for all costs, expenses,
losses and liabilities that may incur to the Publisher in relation to
the Publisher's activities in connection with the Service, including,
but not limited to the Publisher's cost and expense of the
telecommunication networks, hardware and software utilized by the
Publisher;

ii\) the Publisher must promptly notify Unity Ads of any changes to the
Application if it would have an effect on the use of the Service;

iii\) the Publisher shall not (directly or indirectly) decipher,
decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to derive
any source code or underlying ideas or algorithms of any part of the
Service or the underlying software, including the Unity Ads SDK, except
to the limited extent applicable laws specifically prohibit such
restriction, or modify any part of the Service or software underlying
the Service, or transfer, rent, lease or loan, or provide application
service access to the Service.

1.11 *Third Party Sites, Materials and Ads.*

Publisher understands and agrees that:

i\) when the Publisher or any End User connects to third party websites
or mobile sites, third party applications, or any content, information,
or products originating from or provided by a third party (collectively
the ***“Third Party Sites and Materials”***) through the Service, Unity
Ads does not control the content or functionality of such Third Party
Sites and Materials (and is merely a passive conduit with respect
thereto), does not endorse or approve such Third Party Sites and
Materials , and is not responsible or liable for such Third Party Sites
and Materials or for their availability, functionality, content,
advertising, products, or services.

ii\) the ads served by Unity Ads in connection with the Service are
provided by third parties advertisers or advertising agencies, and Unity
Ads is merely acting as an intermediary and is not responsible or liable
in any manner for any ads provided through the Service, including for
their content or functionality or for compliance with any applicable
laws, rules or regulations relating to such ads.

**2. USE OF UNITY ADS SDK**

2.1 *Unity Ads SDK.* ***"Unity Ads SDK"*** shall mean the Unity Ads'
software development kit (including but not limited to libraries, APIs,
plug-ins, source code, and extensions) that allows publishers to use the
Service in connection with their Application(s). The Publisher agrees to
implement the version of the Unity Ads SDK applicable to the Publisher's
use within the Application(s) according to Unity Ads' specifications.

2.2 *Limited License.* Unity Ads hereby grants to the Publisher a
non-exclusive, non-transferable license (without the right to
sublicense) to download, install and use the Unity Ads SDK internally
for the sole purpose of using the Service in connection with the
Applications, in the manner enabled by Unity Ads and solely in
accordance with all documentation provided by Unity Ads and the terms
and conditions set forth in these Terms. The Publisher may not use the
Unity Ads SDK for any other purpose or in any other manner, including
but not limited to modification, distribution, transmission or
reproduction, electronically or otherwise. The Publisher may not
implement the Unity Ads SDK on any applications, websites or online
services other than the Applications without the express prior written
consent of Unity Ads. Publisher also is not licensed to implement the
Unity Ads SDK on any Applications that are “directed to children” as
defined under COPPA unless Publisher has identified the Application as
such in accordance with Section 3.2 below prior to any use of the
Service in such Application.

2.3 *Ownership.* As between the Parties, the Unity Ads SDK provided
hereunder is the property of Unity Ads or its third party licensors.
Unity Ads shall retain all right, title and ownership interest and all
intellectual property rights in and to the Unity Ads SDK and any copies,
derivative works, upgrades, updates, improvements and modifications
thereof, including without limitation, translations, regardless of the
form or media in which, or on which, the original and any other copies,
derivative works, upgrades, updates, improvements or modifications may
exist. THE PUBLISHER SHALL HAVE NO RIGHT TO CREATE OR DISTRIBUTE, IN ANY
MANNER, ANY DERIVATIVE WORK, UPGRADE, UPDATE, IMPROVEMENT OR
MODIFICATION OF THE UNITY ADS SDK.

2.4 *No Other Rights.* No other rights or licenses are granted to the
Unity Ads SDK in these Terms expressly, by implication, estoppel or
otherwise. These Terms is not for a sale of any interest in the
intellectual property rights or other proprietary interests embodied in
the Unity Ads SDK or any copy, derivative work, upgrade, update,
improvement or modification thereof.

**3. PUBLISHER APPLICATIONS AND CONTENT**

3.1 *Responsibility for Applications.* The Publisher shall be solely
responsible for Applications and any content on the same, and the
Publisher acknowledges and agrees that Unity Ads has no control over, or
duty, ability or obligation to monitor, the Publisher's Applications or
their content. The Publisher represents and warrants that the Publisher
owns, or has all necessary and applicable licenses, rights, consents,
and permissions with respect to all Intellectual Property Rights,
privacy rights, rights of publicity and other proprietary rights that
are necessary to provide the Application for the Publisher's customers
as well as enable use of the Service in connection with the Applications
and Content without any violation, misappropriation, breach or
infringement of any third party rights. The fact that Unity Ads may have
reviewed or selected the Application or its changes will not relieve the
Publisher of any of these responsibilities. It is also the Publisher's
sole responsibility to obtain the approval from End Users for any
necessary purpose.

3.2 *Applications Directed to Children.* Publisher agrees to notify Unity
Ads prior to any use of the Service in connection with a particular
Application, if such Application is “directed to children” as defined by
COPPA. This notification must be made by configuring the Application as
“directed to children” using the Unity Ads Admin Panel. Publisher agrees
to take full responsibility for any failure to notify Unity Ads that the
Application is directed to children and assumes all liability for any
COPPA violations or other liability that may occur with respect to any
Application for which Publisher has failed to so notify Unity Ads or if
Publisher incorrectly identifies the Application as not directed to
children. Publisher should consult with its legal counsel to determine
whether its Applications are “directed to children” under COPPA.

3.3 *Prohibited Applications and Content.* The Publisher represents and
warrants that it shall not use the Service in connection with any
Applications or any content that (i) are unlawful, misleading,
fraudulent, deceptive, defamatory, slanderous, libelous, threatening,
sexually explicit, harassing, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive;
(ii) promote piracy, hacking, discrimination, violence, gambling,
alcohol, drugs, tobacco or firearms or any conduct that could be
considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or violate
any law, rule or regulation; (iii) infringe, misappropriate or violate
any intellectual property rights, privacy rights, rights of publicity or
other proprietary rights of any third party; (iv) consist primarily of
advertising content or are placeholders for "parked" domain names; (v)
contain code that would allow a "drive-by" download, drag along
technologies or technology that allows other programs or applications to
be automatically installed or updated; (vi) contain or enable Trojan
Horses, back-doors, hooks, viruses or similar contaminating, destructive
or invasive features; (vii) interfere with or modify any aspect of end
users' system configuration, including without limitation web
browser-related preferences, search engine settings or add icons or
shortcuts; (viii) contain forums, discussion boards, chat rooms, or any
content area that is open to public updates without regulation; (ix)
that are hosted by a free hosting provider; or (x) that are of poor
quality or design. Unity Ads may at any time in its sole discretion
prohibit the use of the Service with any Application without any
liability to Publisher.

3.4. *Application Information.* Publisher shall provide Unity Ads with
information about its Applications to better market the Service. Such
information includes, without limitation, total downloads, monthly and
daily active users, geographical distribution of users and other
information deemed relevant by Unity Ads. Such information may only be
disclosed by Unity Ads to third parties in anonymized form aggregated
with data from other Applications using the Service.

**4. PROHIBITED USES**

4.1 *Compliance with Laws.* As a condition of the Publisher's use of the
Service, the Publisher shall not use the Service for any purpose, or in
connection with any Application, that is unlawful or prohibited by these
Terms. The Publisher is responsible for complying with all applicable
rules, laws, and regulations.

4.2 *Click Fraud.* The Publisher may not, and may not authorize or
encourage or allow any third party to: (i) generate fraudulent
impressions of or fraudulent clicks on any advertisements, including
through repeated manual clicks, the use of robots or other automated
tools or any other method that may lead to artificially high numbers of
impressions, downloads, clicks, or installs or requests to support the
Applications through clicks or installs or offering any incentives
specifically for clicks or installs; (ii) edit, modify, filter, or
change the order of the information contained in any advertisement, or
remove, obscure or minimize any advertisement in any way; (iii) redirect
an end user away from any web page accessed by an end user after
clicking on any part of an advertisement (***"Advertiser Page"***),
provide a version of the Advertiser Page different from the page an end
user would access by going directly to the Advertiser Page, or
intersperse any content between the advertisement and the Advertiser
Page; (iv) use any automated means, including agents, robots, scripts,
or spiders, to access or manage the Publisher's account with the Service
or to monitor or copy the Service or the content contained therein; or
(v) display any advertisements on any error page. In addition, the
Publisher or any of its personnel may not click on advertisements served
by Unity Ads on any web sites in order to purchase products or services.

4.3 *Prohibited Uses.* Under no circumstances shall the Publisher be
permitted to run video advertisements in placements that i) are
below-the-fold and autostart; or ii) by default (i.e., without user
interaction) do not play the sound track of the video advertisement; or
iii) play any other soundtrack than of the video advertisements during
the playback of the video advertisement; or iv) autostart and are
presented or located in such a manner that would make it unlikely that
the ads would be viewed by humans, whether or not the sound is defaulted
to off; or v) are located in pop-up, pop-under or similar windows other
than provided by Unity Ads. Further, the Publisher may not use the
Service in any manner that in Unity Ads' sole discretion could damage,
disable, overburden, or impair it or interfere with any other party's
use of the Service. The Publisher may not remove, circumvent, disable,
damage or otherwise interfere with any security-related features of the
Service, or features that enforce limitations on the use of the Service.
When the Service on behalf of the Publisher's Application makes a
programmatic advertising call to Unity Ads or to its third party ad
networks, if the recipient responds with an available advertisement, the
Publisher agrees to not to intervene to the Service to deliver said
advertisement. Publisher is also prohibited from implementing the
Service on any Applications that are “directed to children,” as defined
under COPPA, unless Publisher has first identified the Application as
such to Unity Ads as set forth in Section 3.2.

**5. PAYMENT**

5.1 *Payment Amounts.* Upon the Publisher fulfilling its obligations under
these Terms the Publisher shall receive payment based on video views of
Ads served through the Service by the End Users. Unity Ads reserves the
right to determine the amount to be paid to Publisher for each video
view by an End User based on factors such as the geographic location of
the user, quality of the traffic sent by the Publisher’s Application(s),
or other means decided on by Unity Ads in its sole discretion. Unity Ads
reserves the right to deduct from the payments (i) any refunds to
advertisers; (ii) a flat deduction (as determined by Unity Ads from time
to time) to cover expenses related to discounts, campaign referral fees,
payment transaction fees, telecommunications, data center and other
serving costs, cost-of-money/bad-debt fees and other writeoffs, taxes
and currency exchange fees; and (iii) any amounts payable by Unity Ads
to providers of targeting, reporting, verification or other data,
technology or services utilized for a given advertisement campaign
hereunder. The Publisher acknowledges and agrees that the cost per view
(“CPV”) payment that the Publisher shall receive hereunder shall be
reported and paid on an aggregate basis. Any disputes concerning payment
must be contested in writing; failure to contest any payment within
thirty (30) days of receipt of Unity Ads’ payment of Publisher’s invoice
constitutes waiver of any claim relating thereto. All decisions
regarding collection of debt from advertisers are within the sole
discretion of Unity Ads. For the avoidance of doubt all payments
hereunder are based on advertisement events actually served by the
Service, and not on requests for advertisements made by any Application
or web site.

5.2 *Payment Terms.* Amounts earned for a video view shall be calculated
to their final value seven (7) days after a video view in the
Publisher’s Application has been completed and will be reflected to
Publisher’s account. Publisher may request payment from Publisher’s
account by issuing an invoice for the requested payment amount to Unity
Ads by email to <accountspayable-fi@unity3d.com>, provided that invoices
may be issued to Unity Ads no more than once every thirty (30) days..
Unity Ads shall wire payments to the bank account indicated by the
Publisher within thirty (30) calendar days after receiving a valid
invoice. Payment may not be requested for any amount less than one
hundred (100) US dollars except for the final payment of remaining funds
on Publisher’s account when the Publisher is terminating these Terms.
However, Unity Ads may initiate payments to Publisher at any time in its
sole discretion, and such payment may be in whatever amounts and by
whatever payment methods are determined by Unity Ads.

5.3 *Taxes etc.* Each Party is responsible for paying any taxes, duties or
fees for which it is liable.

**6. SERVICE DATA AND PRIVACY**

6.1 *Service Data.* The Publisher agrees and acknowledges that Unity Ads
may collect, retain and use data and information from Publisher and
End-Users in connection with the use of the Service, including but not
limited to information provided by the Publisher (such as site
demographics and contact and billing information) and interactions by
End Users with the Service and the Applications (such as unique user
identifiers, device and network information, usage data, interaction
with ads, applications used, and conversion information) (collectively
such Publisher and End-User information will be referred to as the
***“Service Data”***). The Publisher agrees that as between Unity Ads
and Publisher, Unity Ads is the sole owner of the Service Data, and that
Unity Ads may use and share such data as Unity Ads sees fit, including
without limitation for the purposes of providing and analyzing the
Service and delivering targeted advertising. Without limiting the
foregoing, Publisher understands and agrees that Unity Ads may share
Service Data with third parties, such as actual or prospective
advertisers, third-party service providers (including tracking,
attribution, verification, reporting, targeting, and analytics
providers) and other business partners, in connection with its operation
of the Service. Unity Ads may also anonymize Service Data and may
aggregate it with data and information collected from other websites and
applications within Unity Ads' network. Unity Ads may use, disclose and
commercially exploit such anonymous or aggregated data and information
(including Service Data) in any manner without restriction, and may
transfer and sublicense such rights. If Unity Ads sources ads from third
party demand partners, such demand partners may include their own
collection and analysis tools in the ads. For further information
regarding how Unity Ads collects, users and shares Service Data and
other information in connection with the Service, please see the Unity
Ads Privacy Policy at <http://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy>.

6.2 *Publisher Privacy Disclosures and Privacy Policy.* The Publisher
agrees to (i) provide all necessary notices and disclosures and obtain
all necessary consents from End Users regarding their interaction with
the Service and the collection and use of information from End Users by
Unity Ads; and (ii) otherwise fully comply with all applicable laws,
rules and regulations and any self-regulatory guidelines in connection
therewith. Without limiting the forgoing, the Publisher shall
conspicuously post on all Publisher Applications, and fully comply with,
an easy to understand privacy policy that accurately identifies the
nature and scope of the collection and use of End Users' information
gathered by the Publisher and Unity Ads. This shall include disclosing
that Unity Ads serves ads in the Application and may use tracking
technology to collect information about the End User (including unique
user identifiers, device and network information) and End User’s
interaction with such ads, the Application, as well as other
applications installed on the End User’s device (including usage data,
interaction with ads, applications used, and conversion information) for
the purpose of serving ads targeted to the End User and otherwise
providing the Service. Such Privacy Policy will also include a link to
the Unity Ads Privacy Policy located at
<http://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy> and will inform End Users that
they should review the Unity Ads Privacy Policy for information
regarding opting out of receiving targeted ads from Unity Ads. The
following language may be used for this purpose:

"We have contracted with Unity Ads to place an Unity Ads advertising
service on our applications (the “Unity Ads Service”). The Unity Ads
Service shows end users advertisements in our applications, and it also
may use tracking technology to collect information about end users (such
as unique user identifiers, device and network information) and end
user’s interaction with such ads, our applications, as well as other
applications installed on the end user’s device (such as usage data,
interaction with ads, applications used, and conversion information)
including for the purpose of serving ads targeted to the end user and
otherwise providing the Service. For more information about how
information may be collected, used and shared by Unity Ads, please see
Unity Ads' privacy policy at <http://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy>.
You should also review the Unity Ads Privacy Policy for information
regarding opting out of receiving targeted ads from Unity Ads, if
applicable.”

6.3 The Publisher represents and warrants that the data shared with
Unity Ads in performance of these Terms is data (i) which the Publisher
has the right to transfer to Unity Ads pursuant to the Publisher's
privacy policy, Terms and in compliance with applicable laws (ii) that
the same data is not shared or provided to Unity Ads in violation of the
Publisher's privacy policy, Terms or of any laws or regulations and
(iii) Unity Ads is free to use such data for the purposes of these
Terms.

6.4 The Publisher also acknowledges and agrees that the Publisher shall
not copy, reproduce, alter, modify, change, broadcast, publish,
distribute, transmit, transfer, disseminate, sell or offer for sale the
Service Data in any manner, at any time anywhere in the world except as
expressly authorized in writing by Unity Ads. Nothing herein shall be
construed as a grant or assignment to the Publisher or any third party
of any right, title or interest in any Service Data owned by Unity Ads,
including, without limitation, any of its trademarks or service marks.

**7. CONFIDENTIALITY**

7.1 For the purposes of these Terms, ***"Confidential Information"***
shall mean any non-public information relating to Service or to the
business of Unity Ads, including, without limitation, information about
its customers, services, software and other products, documentation,
plans, materials, pricing principles, designs, specifications, trade
secrets, processes, techniques, inventions, statistics, the Unity Ads
SDK, the Unity Ads Admin Panel and any other information designated by
Unity Ads as confidential.

7.2 Publisher agrees not to disclose any Confidential Information to any
third parties, without first obtaining Unity Ads’ prior written consent.
Publisher may use the Confidential Information solely as necessary to
exercise its rights and perform its obligations under the Terms without
Unity Ads’ prior written consent. However, Publisher may disclose the
Confidential Information to its employers and contractors who need to
know such information to carry out their duties for Publisher and who
are subject to confidentiality Terms protecting the Confidential
Information to the same extent as in these Terms.]

7.3 Confidential Information shall not include information which (i) is
publicly available at the time of disclosure or later becomes publicly
available through no fault of Publisher, (ii) was known by Publisher
before receiving such information from Unity Ads; (iii) is disclosed to
Publisher without restriction as to use or disclosure, by a third party
who, in making such disclosure, did not violate any obligation of
confidentiality; (iv) Publisher can document is independently developed
by Publisher without use, directly or indirectly, of the Confidential
Information; or (v) is disclosed by Publisher in accordance with a
judicial or other governmental order provided that Publisher, subject to
what is permitted under the applicable law, gives Unity Ads reasonable
notice prior to such disclosure and restricts disclosure of the
Confidential Information to the extent what is mandatory under the
order.

7.4 The obligations under this Section 7 shall survive any termination
of these Terms.

**8. TERM AND TERMINATION**

8.1 *Termination by Unity Ads.* Unity Ads reserves the right, in its sole
discretion and without liability, to terminate these Terms and the
Publisher's access to the Service at any time, with or without cause.
Notwithstanding the previous sentence, Unity Ads reserves the right to
terminate these Terms and the Publisher's access to the Service at any
time immediately upon notice, if Unity Ads in its sole discretion
determines that the Publisher is breaching these Terms. Unity Ads also
has the right to terminate use of the Service with any particular
Application at any time immediately upon notice, with or without cause.

8.2 *Termination by Publisher.* The Publisher shall have the right to
terminate these Terms immediately upon written notice to Unity Ads at
any time, with or without cause.

8.3 *Post-termination.* Upon termination, the Publisher agrees to remove
from its Applications any and all Unity Ads' advertising serving code
supplied to the Publisher by Unity Ads and stop all use of the Service.
The Publisher will be paid, in the next scheduled payment cycle
following termination, all payments due through and including the time
of termination. The sections 1.9, 1.10. 1.11, 2.3, 2.4, 3.1, 3.2, 3.3,
4, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 and 12 shall survive termination of the Terms.

**9. CHANGES TO SERVICE**

9.1 Unity Ads reserves the right, in its sole discretion, with or
without notice, without liability to (i) refuse anyone access (ii)
terminate or suspend the Publisher's account and/or the Publisher's
access to the Service after the Publisher has registered, (iii) change,
suspend, or discontinue the Service or any part of it at any time, (v)
impose limits on certain features and services or restrict the
Publisher's access to parts or all of the Service.

**10. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS**

10.1 The Publisher hereby acknowledges and agrees that Unity Ads or its
licensors shall have the exclusive right, title and interest in and to
any and all patents, inventions, trade secrets, trademarks, service
marks, methods, processes, copyrights, and rights in know-how (whether
registered or unregistered and including applications for grant of any
of the foregoing) and all rights or forms of protection having
equivalent or similar effect to any of the foregoing which may now or at
any time hereafter exist anywhere in the world in and to the Service,
contents of and the underlying software of the Service and materials and
information provided by Unity Ads, including but not limited to any and
all their improvements (by whomever made) and any and all new
intellectual property rights (by whomever made) relating to them. Unity
Ads shall also have the exclusive right to amend and further develop the
same and transfer any rights to the same to any third party.

**11. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY; INDEMNITY**

11.1 *DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY.* UNITY ADS PROVIDES THE SERVICE ON AN "AS
IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. UNITY ADS AND ITS SUPPLIERS HEREBY
DISCLAIM ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT
LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT AS TO THE SERVICE AND ANY ADVERTISING OR
OTHER MATERIALS PROVIDED OR ACCESSED THROUGH THE SERVICE. UNITY ADS
PROVIDES NO GUARANTEES REGARDING THE PERFORMANCE OF THE SERVICE
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE NUMBER OF IMPRESSIONS, VIEWS OR
CLICKS ON THE ADVERTISEMENTS NOR ON THE TIMING OF DELIVERY OF SUCH
IMPRESSIONS, VIEWS OR CLICKS. UNITY ADS ALSO DOES NOT PROVIDE ANY
WARRANTY THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE ERROR-FREE, WILL RUN WITHOUT
INTERRUPTION, BE FREE FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, OR THAT
THE PUBLISHER WILL ACHIEVE ANY PARTICULAR RESULTS ARISING OUT OF THE
PUBLISHER'S USE OF THE SERVICE.

11.2 *LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.* TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW: (A) IN NO EVENT SHALL UNITY ADS OR ITS DIRECTORS,
MEMBERS, EMPLOYEES, SUPPLIERS, OR AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL,
INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF
USE, LOSS OF PROFITS OR LOSS OF DATA, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT,
TORT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT
OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THESE TERMS OR THE USE OF OR INABILITY
TO USE THE SERVICE OR THE ADVERTISING OR OTHER ITEMS OR MATERIALS
PROVIDED OR ACCESSED THROUGH THE SERVICE, INCLUDING FOR ANY
MODIFICATION, SUSPENSION, OR DISCONTINUANCE OF THE SERVICE. AND (B) IN
NO EVENT SHALL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF UNITY ADS OR ITS DIRECTORS,
MEMBERS, EMPLOYEES, SUPPLIERS, OR AGENTS, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO
THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES OR TO THESE TERMS TERMS
EXCEED \$100

11.3 *Indemnity.* The Publisher agrees to defend, indemnify and hold
harmless Unity Ads and its distribution partners, subsidiaries,
affiliates, and their directors, officers, agents, members,
shareholders, co-branders or other partners, employees, and advertising
partners from any and all liabilities, losses, actions, damages, claims,
obligations, costs, expenses, or demands (including, but not limited to
attorneys' fees, costs, and expenses) arising out of or related in any
way to (i) these Terms or the Publisher's or its End User’s use of or
connection with the Service, (ii) any breach or alleged breach of any
representation or warranty set forth in these Terms or any other
violation of any term of these Terms, (iii) any claim arising under
COPPA with respect to any Application that Publisher did not identify as
being directed to children or any failure of Publisher to comply with
the requirements of COPPA, and (iii) any claim relating to the
Application, including without limitation that the Application caused
damage to or violates the rights of a third party.

**12. MISCELLANEOUS**

12.1 *Entire Terms.* These Terms represents the complete Terms concerning
the subject matter hereof between the Parties and supersedes all prior
Terms and representations between them. If any provision of these Terms
is held to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be
reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable.

12.2 *No Waiver.* The failure of Unity Ads to act with respect to a breach
of these Terms by the Publisher or by others does not constitute a
waiver and shall not limit Unity Ads' rights with respect to such breach
or any subsequent breaches.

12.3 *Transfer.* These Terms are specifically only for the Publisher and
may not be assigned or transferred for any reason whatsoever without our
consent and any action or conduct in violation of the foregoing shall be
void and without effect. Unity Ads expressly reserves the right to
assign these Terms and to delegate any of its obligations hereunder.

12.4 *Use of Publisher Names and Content.* The Publisher agrees that Unity
Ads may use the Publisher's and the Publisher’s Application(s) name and
logo and any Content of Publisher’s Application(s) in presentations,
marketing materials, customer lists, financial reports and listings of
customers. If the Publisher wishes to use Unity Ads' trade names,
trademarks, logos, domain names, and other materials, the Publisher may
do so, so long as such use is in compliance with these Terms.

12.5 *Notices.* Any notices required under these Terms shall be made by
Unity Ads to the e-mail address the Publisher has used to register for
the Service, and shall be made by the Publisher to the e-mail address
publishers@applifier.com each of which shall constitute written notice.
Unity Ads may post and update these information and policies relating to
the Service.

12.6 *Disputes.* In the event of any dispute arising under these Terms,
the Publisher agrees to submit to Unity Ads’ internal dispute resolution
process. In the event a mutually agreeable solution is not reached
through the internal dispute resolution process, and without limiting
Unity Ads’ right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief in court,
the dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to these
Terms, or the breach, termination or validity thereof shall be finally
settled by arbitration in accordance with the Rules of the Arbitration
Institute of the Finland Chamber of Commerce in Helsinki in English
language.

12.7 *Applicable Law.* These Terms shall be governed by, and construed in
accordance with, the laws Finland, excluding any conflicts of law rules.
